oh shit he's a vampire
well you lost favorite buddy fell
Steve and Bob wanted to be vampires the
only thing stopping them was riella oh
my god that has got to be the shittiest
vampire makeup I have ever seen ha ha
boys I'm sorry I don't have to change on
me god bless you another sad but true
thing vampires aren't real one event
what's really important is you guys
drink this back tomorrow morning you'll
be vampires but when the opportunity
presented itself they discover they were
in way over their heads dude I got an
idea because now it's two separate feet
at least once every four days or else
you get down now they've got four days I
mean how many setbacks me one night and
things aren't looking good
it's people like you that are killing me
see didn't think the shit yeah I thought
it over and I thought vampires be all
hard question ended up being pussies you
don't know the pussy your pussy here
pussy gosh she said knock at the door
bullshit Zednik man it's got balloons
and everything you just want a million
dollars in pussy house clearing IWC
films presents Josh lively and Zane
Crosby in raising the stakes the police
are not certain whether these are
genuine vampires or just people who
mimic vampires or Teresa Heinz